advisors, counselors that you now realize, as you look back, helped you greatly?
Well, we had then a division that was called Basic Division.
And it's kind of like General Studies, I guess, today.
But I'll never forget, I went over there and they sat down with me at the end of my freshman year.
I had flunked college algebra.
And I think there may even have been another course I flunked.
And they said, we want to retest you in the, in your mathematical ability.
And I was not that good of a math student.
And so the advice was, you may want to change majors.
So I changed to architecture at the end of my, my
It may have even been midterm of my freshman year.
I can't recall for sure.
But I was in architecture a year, two semesters.
And I think it was mainly my sophomore year.
And I was, you know, I'd been a painter.
I'd been a bricklayer.
I'd been a carpenter in high school.
I knew enough about building.
I liked to work with my hands.
But architecture was not
my cup of tea because it seemed like I'd spend every weekend up on the fourth floor of the academic building doing projects into the wee hours of the morning my sophomore year isolated away from people and I've always just been such a people person I had to get back so that's when I went over to see the people in business
And I guess the man that had as much impact on me as anybody else was Herb Thompson.
And he taught marketing.
And so I went in to see him and he said, you know, I think you'd make great in the marketing area.
So I changed to marketing.
Had you had a class with him yet?
Never.
And I took two or three classes from Herb Thompson.
And he was an excellent teacher and just really brought teaching alive.
Did you all have a nickname for him?
No, we didn't.
I think practically every prof we did have, but we didn't for him.
I remember I had Mr. Stewart, Judge Stewart.
His nickname was Judge.
I took B Law and C Law under him.
And he was a good teacher.
Now that was B for business and C for commercial?
I guess.
I don't know.
It was just two, three-hour courses in law that we took.
And I had sold Bibles and cookbooks and dictionaries for the Southwestern Company at the end of my freshman year in West Virginia all summer.
And I had a lot of outstanding
payments due me, about $450 worth.
And, of course, I was so naive that I thought all these people would send their money on a weekly basis like they promised, or monthly, and they weren't paying me anything.
So, as I was in Judge Stewart's class and he began to talk about contract law and all these kinds of things, it finally dawned on me, I went into his office and I said,
Judge Stewart, I need some advice.
And I told him what my problem was.
And he said, well, son, if you'd bring me some stationery that you want to use, I'll dictate a letter for you and we'll get that money.
I said, well, all right.
So he wrote a letter that basically said, dear Mrs. Green, I have been
employed by Mr. Walker to represent him in a lawsuit against you.
And it's my understanding that you bought a Bible from him or a cookbook or a dictionary and you owe this amount of money.
I don't know what West Virginia's law is like, but I know here in Texas, if you were to have to come here and face a judge,
the expense and the out-of-pocket expense for you would be horrendous.
And so my advice for you is before this goes to court is just send Mr. Walker what you owe him.
And Haskell, I collected probably 90% of everything they owed me with that letter.
And so I've always been beholding to Judge Stewart for not only teaching well in class but showing us how it worked to use an attorney.
Other advisor or teachers that you remember with pride and gratitude?
Well, I had a gentleman by the name of Stevenson that I took statistics under.
And I liked him so much because I had failed it under a Dr. Roach that I didn't like.
And it was one of those occasions where the man was right.
He was a legalist.
He had to have 70 to pass to make a D at that time.
And I had 69 and a half, and he wouldn't give me a half a point.
So I had to retake it.
And under Mr. Stevenson, I thoroughly enjoyed it and learned a lot.
When you and your buddies went to class, what were the expected rules of classroom
attendance, activities, et cetera?
Well, I took a math class one time, and I'll never forget the professor.
It was, he had a nickname of Pop, Pop Lyles.
And Mr. Lyles said, gentlemen, one of the things I know you want out of this class is a grade, and you want a passing grade.
And he said, so if you want to follow some advice I'm going to give you, it'll help you pass the course.
And he said, I expect you in class every time I'm here.
And he said, that's the least you can do in order to get a C in this class.
And it was good advice, because I did not cut classes regularly.
And there were occasions where I did, but I was not a class cutter.
generally because I needed all that in-class help I could get.
What about staying awake?
How easy was that?
Well, there were times where it was difficult.
I had a little technique that has always served me well.
I'd watch some fellow student go to sleep and saw how ridiculous he looked, and he would help me stay awake.
I also made a habit of sitting up front, and I found that that helped me stay awake a whole lot.
Do you remember, if you recall, we'll put this back near the front of the transcript, do you remember what it cost?
Do you remember that first year or any year?
My freshman year, turnkey for two semesters was about $945.
And the reason I remember that so well is I worked that summer selling books door to door, as I mentioned,
And I had to have, my goal was to make $1,000 that summer because my folks wanted me to stay home and work in their little drive-in eating establishment where I had a guaranteed job.
And yet I traipsed off to West Virginia with four of my buddies, going to spend the whole summer.
And it was just their belief that I'd come home broke.
And they said, we're not going to help you if you don't have the money.
Well, I came back with about $1,400 profit.
And so I paid for my sophomore year totally on my own.
And that included room books, room board books, tuition, and fees?
That's right.
Let's see.
Extracurricular activities.
You were a churchgoer when you arrived?
Yes.
How did you get affiliated with the local congregation?
Describe that relationship.
Well, my roommate, this gentleman I mentioned, Don McGinty, I was going to church, and he said that the church he attended, which was the Church of Christ, had a devotional on campus on Tuesday nights at the YMCA.
Now, I'll have to be honest with you.
To some extent, it was a chance to get out of the dorm.
And, you know, I'd be less than honest if I didn't say that.
But we went to this devotional in the YMCA, and I formed some of the closest friends that are still my friends to this day because of my church activities.
And I also found that going to church just seemed to make me a happier, stronger person.
Because one of the things that I did not do was drink alcohol.
And we had a number of guys in our outfit that were teetotalers.
People had their various reasons, but my father had had difficulty with alcohol, and I just made a commitment in high school that I was never going to be an imbiber.
And so I didn't.
And as a result, when you went to church, you were around usually those kind of people.
They had common beliefs, and their standard of living was very comparable to what we all tried to live.
Now, you had been a Church of Christ member before you got here?
I had not.
Oh, oh.
My background was in the Methodist Church.
So this is your attachment?
This is your first?
Yes.
And so I got acquainted with the Church of Christ through a girl that I dated in high school.
And then a young man I met at Junction was also a member of the Church of Christ, and I went to church with him in the summertime.
And so Don was very active in the Church of Christ, and so I went with him after I came to A&M.
Were there other denominational activities on campus at that time?
Yes, there was.
We had what we called the Interfaith Council, and it was made up of guys from all religious groups.
And it was a good organization to be involved with, and I was involved in that.
And then another extracurricular activity was our hometown club.
We had the Panhandle A&M Club.
And I got to meet, you know, guys that were from all over the Panhandle.
I'll never forget one of my best friends was a guy named Davis from Lubbock.
And it was Ford Davis's brother, Davis Ford brother, his brother.
And then there was,
Another young man from up at Muleshoe by the name of Tom Thedford, and we'd ride back and forth.
And there was a guy named Adrian Helms from Tohoka.
And, you know, these were the people you needed rides back and forth with, and I didn't have a car that first semester.
Now, did the hometown clubs get together every week?
Um...
Probably not.
Well, I think sometimes we did.
We did get together practically every week and have something.
But as it became, you know, near the time to go home for Thanksgiving, Christmas, whatever, we would always have meetings and talk about transportation, that kind of thing.
And did anybody, was part of it a swapping of news from home?
Yeah, there was always some activities that were going on at home that we wanted to know about, how our local football teams were doing, that kind of thing.
Because you didn't have the channels of communication like we do today, and making a call home was long distance.
That was a lot of money.
Was the YMCA still an important location for student activities?
It was.
It was very much a part of, I would say,
the spiritually motivated activities that went on.
Gordon Gay was?
Gordon Gay was involved in it and was a man.
I still remember to this day steak fries we had, and Mr. Gay would have that apron on and a chef's hat, and he'd be cooking these steaks over a grill, and we'd go over to one of the parks around or somewhere on campus, and it was an out.
Was Mr. Cashin still around?
I didn't know Mr. Cashier.
I don't know when he passed.
Describe the MSC and its activities for an impressionable young undergraduate.
Well, one fellow in our outfit was a guy named Jim Gatlin.
He was my sophomore roommate.
He was in Singing Cadets.
And so he was always going to MSC for practice.
Don McGinty was involved with MSC directorate program and he got involved in things like that.
And it seemed like the MSC was sort of the activity center.
But to be honest with you, I don't think we realized it as openly as we do, you know, we did later on.
There was just not, I remember we always had pictures taken over there and gatherings of various kinds and all of that.
Was young J. Wayne Stark, did you meet him as an undergraduate?
Sure did.
How so?
Well, he was one of those guys that was always available and people could go by and visit with him.
My freshman year, I guess I didn't get hooked in quite as quickly because I had to work.
And I worked for Professor Robert Reed, who's in the oceanography department here.
And I was a handyman for he and his wife.
And I did everything from yard work to painting to window cleaning, anything that Mrs. Reed needed to do around the house.
I made 50 cents an hour.
I was going to ask, 50 cents an hour.
And it was through Professor Reed that I found out about oceanography.
And there was a class that
People told us about and said, you know, if you take this one hour oceanography course that Dr. Reed teaches, they have a cruise that goes out into the Gulf for about five days.
And so I asked Professor Reed about that and he said, oh yes.
And he said, we'll take two freshmen and we'll take some upperclassmen and so forth.
And so he schooled us on how to get chosen.
He said, when I mention this and that we're going to be taking this cruise, and usually I think it was spring break time or Thanksgiving or something like that.
And he said, you be sitting up on the front row and just be sure and raise your hand immediately when I start talking about it.
And so Don Elledge and I, another man from, a guy from my outfit, we raised our hands and both got to go.
And that was in 1955.
And I still remember I had a picture of me looking out a porthole of this little 65-foot freshwater yacht that was about as wild a ride as you could ask for.
It was made for the Great Lakes, not the Gulf of Mexico.
And we were gone five days and I was seasick four and a half.
And I lived on oranges and crackers basically for five days.
But I have a picture of me looking out a porthole with earphones on, and it was when Elvis Presley had just come out with Jailhouse Rock, and we were listening to it out in the Gulf of Mexico, 1955.
Did you get involved in MSC activities early in your... I did not get involved.
I was, as I mentioned, I had to work.
And between working my freshman year and church activities, I just didn't have the time to get involved.
All right.
Guyon Hall was still here.
Did you and your buddies go to anything at Guyon Hall?
Either on Friday or Saturday nights, we went to movies.
And they were maybe a quarter.
And I'll never forget, Guyon Hall had a wooden floor.
And if a real...
scary horror type movie came in.
A lot of the guys would have dates.
We didn't have dates our freshman year to speak of it all.
But there was a gas line that was on the floor right beside the wall.
And some upperclassmen or somebody would raise that up at a very scary moment and drop it.
And boy, the girls would scream and holler and yell.
But Guy and Hall was a good place to go watch a movie if you could stay awake.
A lot of times you'd go to the movie and just fall asleep.
But I still remember Guy and Hall.
Now what else happened there other than movies?
Well, oftentimes they would have an assemblage of the freshman class.
And some of the bulls, the military brass, would come in and talk to us.
Or some of the core staff would come in and talk to us.
And it seemed to be sort of the meeting place for any assembly of the Corps.
Let's see, chapel, were there any chapel services there?
Yeah, there may have been, but I think most of them were an optional thing, and I don't have any recollection really of our ever going to a chapel service other than it was maybe some kind of a Thanksgiving program or something like that.
Describe the, as you look back on it, describe the basic nature of the student body then.
Attitudes, size town, where were Aggies from and what were they like?
Well, the one thing that I felt A&M offered at that time that was very important was that with all of us wearing the same uniform,
There seemed to be no class distinction.
You could be from Highland Park.
You could be from Spur, Texas, as I was.
You could be from the Valley.
You could be from Amarillo and the Panhandle.
And by and large, we were all treated the same.
And probably the only way you could tell if anybody had any money was the kind of car they drove.
And we had some guys whose parents had money and therefore they drove a brand new car.
So that was a mark of distinction that made us different, but yet it didn't, it was never one of those things that you were mad at a guy because he had a car.
In fact, you liked him and wanted to be near him so you could drive his car or be with him.
in terms of the term diversity today, how diverse was the student body then?
Well, we did not have, to my knowledge, a black student among us.
We had many Hispanics.
One of the best known in our outfit was Carlos Peña.
Carlos was from Catula.
Peña?
uh ea i think with a little hyphen above it and uh carlis was a uh he was our resident spic as you might call it and it was not an uncomplimentary term uh but he was one of us and he never ever was looked down upon because he was a mexican
And he was just as much a one of us as anybody else.
And then we had another gentleman by the name of Dimitri Pappas, who was Hispanic.
And, you know, I can just think of any number of individuals.
Pappas was Hispanic?
No, he wasn't.
Oh, was he?
He was more Italian.
Well, is this the Pappas family?
No, it has nothing to do with the Pappas family there.
Because they're Greek.
They're Greek.
But the Hispanics that we had were very proud, hardworking,
individuals and they did well.
What about Jewish?
Were there some Jewish students?
There were.
We had one Jewish fellow by the name of Frank Weinberger in our outfit that was a sophomore.
Did Jewish students have a nickname?
No.
And I was so naive that I didn't even know even by the name that a person was Jewish.
I just
I, you know, I didn't learn about that part of life until later on.
I'm nodding because that would have described me too.
Do you remember any international students?
We had a few.
We had a boy or two from South America.
I can't recall names right now, but we had a few, not many.
And usually it was because they had family members that had been here in the past.
And basically the student body was from Texas.
What about their attitudes, liberal, conservative, et cetera?
Well, I think you would find the majority of them more conservative.
I had two very good friends that I met at Junction that were from New York.
And it was an oddity.
Don Shearer was from Brooklyn.
And a fellow by the name of Small, I can't remember his first name, but he was from Manhattan.
And their accent is what gave them trouble.
And, you know, they were hazed a lot by sophomores because of their accent.
The rest of us were all Texans.
Did they get a nickname?
Do you remember?
These two didn't that I know of, although they often were referred to as Yankees.
Did you have a nickname?
I had a nickname that came from high school and only my high school buddies, but I was known as Yo-Yo Joe because I had a yo-yo and I used to perform a lot of tricks with a yo-yo.
And did that name get here?
It did with a few of my friends.
Let's see, student activity organizations, the singing cadets, the band and so forth, what were the major during all of your undergraduate years?
Well, singing cadets, hometown clubs, we had societies that were, we had the marketing society.
It was usually related to whatever your major was going to be, the Engineering Society, those kinds of things.
But I don't recall anything other than that that we were too, you know, we were involved in.
All right.
What did you and your buddies think about the band?
Well, I think the band was just so much a part of the Corps that we probably did not have
an unusual positive or negative feeling.
They were just guys in the Corps.
That's all there was to it.
And of all of the student leadership roles, which one had the highest prestige?
Well, the cadet colonel of the Corps, no doubt about it.
But because of my background, I always admired the Corps chaplain.
And I thought he often had an opportunity to be in leadership roles at a lot of events because he was there to word a prayer or give something inspirational.
And he was always in charge.
We had a prayer before every meal at the dining hall.
So I was always impressed with that.
I wonder, are they still do that now?
I believe they do.
I believe they do, but I'm not for certain.
And what was the prestige of the Ross Volunteers then?
My freshman year, I couldn't have told you who the Ross Volunteers were, really.
I had no real knowledge of who they were.
Was there even a student body president then?
Could have been, I don't know.
We had some class officers, I remember that.
If there was someone to speak for the student body, it was the corps commander?
More often than not, it was the corps commander.
And when you students looked at the administration then, who were the key administrators in your undergraduate days?
Well, there were probably more of us that knew who Pinky Downs was.
Describe him.
Than anybody else.
I doubt that we even knew the president or anybody else.
We knew the upperclassmen in our outfit.
We knew who the military brass was.
We knew who the commandant was.
And, you know, there was a fellow by the name of Pelley Dittman from the Air Force that was our
corps commandant but all of a sudden one time I was over at the MSC and we were having a cup of coffee or visiting or something and somebody said well there's Pinky Downs and we looked up and here came this gentleman with his hat in his hand he had glasses on a wiry looking little fella and somebody spoke to him and he just came over and started talking to us
And he was sort of the spokesperson for A&M.
And he was just, he was just always around over at the MSC.
And everywhere you'd look, there'd be pinky downs.
And at Yale practice, you'd see pinky downs and various things.
One of my wonderful remembrances of freshman activities again that was unusual was Yale practice.
You know, in high school I was a football player, and we had pep rallies, as they were called, but it was hard for us to understand the meaning of yell practice, but we gathered in the Grove and had yell practice on Tuesday nights, and then again on Friday nights, and sometimes even on Thursday nights.
But I have a picture of some of my freshman buddies and myself on top of the grove with our outfit sign hanging down.
And it was an interesting event because whoever thought that you'd go to college to learn how to yell.
But we did it.
As far as you people knew, what was Mr. Downs, what was Pinky's role?
What was his task?
Well, I don't know that we understood what his task was other than he was just an encourager.
He believed in A&M, and he just went around telling everybody what a great place it was.
And, you know, he motivated us to want to be better.
The, when you went back and forth, describe getting from Macaulay Station to Spur.
Well, that first semester, it was usually by hitchhiking, and we found that if you wore your uniform, you got rides a lot easier.
You learned about the hitchhiking, hitchhiking place at Northgate.
And you didn't get up there and upstage anybody that was already there.
You lined up and there was a pecking order of people.
And you said Northgate?
Yes.
Where?
It was right over kind of in front of the post office area right there.
And there was sort of a canopy-like awning there to kind of keep the rain off of people.
But you just got out there in your uniform and you'd start hitchhiking.
Sometimes you'd get on and out on the highway, and that might be better.
But normally, Northgate, because what was happening was there was a lot of guys that were going somewhere at that given time.
And if you didn't have a ride, that's kind of where you lined up.
Sometimes if you got a ride with another Aggie, were you expected to help pay for the gas?
No, not necessarily.
One of my most embarrassing moments took place my freshman year.
My roommate and I, Don McGinty, were going to hitchhike into Bryan.
And of course, that was five miles, roughly.
And so we were at Northgate hitchhiking.
And we got this ride with this guy that was stationed out at Bryan Air Force Base.
We didn't know that he was an Aggie.
And we failed to whip out as you're supposed to and introduce yourselves.
And by the time we got to Brian, he said, well, what outfit are you fellows in?
And we said, well, we're in Squadron 4.
And he said, who is your first sergeant?
And we told him.
And he said, well, who is your corps commander?
We told him.
And this was on a Saturday.
Sunday afternoon, we were summoned to the first sergeant's office, a room, and he said, well, gentlemen, I understand you've met Mr. So-and-so.
Did you know that he was CO of this outfit just a couple of years ago?
And we said no, and he said, you were about two of the rudest passengers he's ever had.
And we sat in David Fawcett's room with John D. Cunningham, his roommate, and we sat on a hanger.
I don't know whether you've ever seen this process, but you take a regular coat hanger and put the hook part on the floor, and you squat down on the top of it and hold it in place.
And you try that for about three hours.
and you just can hardly walk by the time you finish.
We were just soaking wet, we had sweated clear through our uniforms, but never again did we fail to properly introduce ourselves when we got a ride.
But riding, getting home was always an adventure.
About how long did it take to get to Spur, hitchhiking?
It would probably take 10 to 12 hours.
It was 325 miles.
Sometimes you'd get a ride all the way to Abilene and it was just another 100 miles.
But I can remember some nights standing out in the cold wind waiting on a ride.
Did you ever have a bad experience hitchhiking?
Never did.
Did you ever hear of any?
I have not yet heard of single.
No, I don't recall a time of hearing.
I've heard of people driving fast and maybe the driver having drunk a little too much, but no wrecks.
No, no, I never heard of a wreck.
Nobody trying to rob them or take advantage of them.
And there was an occasion when we were with, I was riding with a man once that I felt like they had a little too much to drink and he let me drive.
And, you know, I enjoyed that.
How often did you go home?
I only went home twice the first semester.
That was it.
One of those was Thanksgiving?
One of those was Thanksgiving.
And you didn't have a car until?
I did not have a car until I came back the second semester.
Oh, the second semester you brought your car.
How did life change?
Well, it changed dramatically.
I all of a sudden had a lot of friends.
And, of course, this was a car that I had paid for in high school, so it was mine.
It was not my parents' car.
I had worked for it.
And it allowed me to more readily work for the Reeds because I didn't have to ride a bicycle over to their house, and I got to drive my car.
Having my own car, though, was a very embarrassing, there was one very embarrassing incident.
Parking lot past Duncan Dining Hall way down at the south end of the campus was a graveled lot that we affectionately referred to as the Navasota lot.
And it just had gravel and some little barriers around the edges of it.
And that's where freshmen were privileged to park if you had a car.
Well, I parked there one Friday afternoon.
I was, I had a date with a girl in Bryan, and I was so excited about having a date.
So I rode my bicycle down.
You had to have your tie on and leave the campus class A uniform.
If you got caught without a tie on, you were in trouble.
So I rode my bicycle down, parked it in front of my car that was, but another car headed into it.
And so I was putting my tie on.
The person in the car in front of me drove his car off.
And I got so excited, in the meantime, putting my tie on, getting ready to go, and my bicycle had fallen over.
I ran over my own bicycle.
And so I put the three pieces of it in the trunk.
And my three-speed bicycle was no longer, and I sold it for $5 for parts.
Haven't told many people that, but it was a,
It was a humorous thing that happened to me.
Did sophomores or other upperclassmen give you a hard time about having a car?
No.
I found out all of a sudden that I became a very popular freshman when I had a car because they oftentimes wanted to borrow my car.
And I had to be very, very careful because my dad said, you don't want to do that.
uh life on an all-male campus in terms of meeting young ladies getting dates and so forth describe that facet of being well that was one of the great advantages of going to church there were some local young ladies who were the the offspring of faculty members staff members and
You had an opportunity to meet them in a setting other than academic.
And then the other source of good contacts was guys who had sisters.
And you'd go home with them on weekends and you'd get to date their sister.
And I had a good buddy by the name of John Alterman and he had a twin sister named Kitty.
and I had an opportunity to date her.
But there were two girls in Bryan by the name of McElroy, and their father was ag prof here and worked with the USDA.
And I, you know, became their good friends more than just dating, but I was invited to their home many a time, and we'd eat meals there, and it was just great fun.
Now, somebody the other day mentioned the Bryan 200 or something or other, some number like that, that in their era there was a group supposedly, and these were supposed to be the people of status.
That number didn't... I didn't ring any bells with me because that was probably much...
Beyond my interest in those days, I didn't have any interest in.
All right, now did you meet, while you were still an undergraduate, a young lady that you would spend the rest of your life with?
I did not meet my wife, Joanne, until my junior year.
And how did you?
And I met her at church.
She was a high school senior and an excellent ping pong player.
And I admired her ability to handle just about anybody at a ping pong table.
And her father was in the math department here, Lawrence Nolan, N-O-L-E-N.
And she was going to school at Abilene, Abilene Christian College, as it was then called, for her freshman year, which was my junior year.
And an Aggie buddy of mine, I was dating a girl that was going to school there, and I got him a date with Joanne, but I found out that I should have been dating her.
So we went to summer school the next summer and met, got married end of my junior year.
Hmm.
All right, then that's a special facet.
What was it like then to be a, you were a married senior?
Yes.
What was it like to be a married senior at A&M?
Well, it was so different you can't imagine it because you had freedom to come and go as you pleased.
We rented a little house over at Southgate from Mrs. and Mr. R.L.
Hunt.
And they had a little house that was probably 20 by 20.
And we rented it for $50 a month with all utilities paid.
And I remember how many of the guys in my outfit that were seniors that would come over and have a meal with us, visit.
And it was just totally, totally different.
And so she did not finish her degree at that time?
No.
She had a year at Abilene Christian.
She had been here to two summer sessions and then decided that Sam Houston State was just much closer.
So she enrolled at Sam Houston State after we'd gone to summer school that summer.
Anyway, then we married in January of 57, 58, excuse me, January of 58.
I had changed majors a couple of times, as I mentioned, from engineering to architecture to business, so I needed one more semester here, and so I graduated then in January of 59.
Let's go back to a much less serious item.
Court trips as a, before you were married, describe court trips, out-of-town games.
I remember,
court trips as a fun experience.
The upperclassmen would always give us great advice, said whatever you do, stay in uniform and stay in groups.
And so I remember one time we went to play SMU and we were at the Colisee, I mean at the Cotton Bowl where they were, the game was being played.
And of course the carnival atmosphere around
there was something on Friday night that we wanted to be a part of.
And so we went out, and I'll never forget, they said, whatever you do, stay together.
Don't go off by yourself.
And so we just had a blast.
We had a good time.
TCU was one of those that got in a big fight after the game.
A lot of the Corps members were attacking.
It was kind of a...
melee of activities but by and large court trips were a lot of fun.
Now how did you normally how did you go on the court trip?
We went in somebody's car as a you know you provided your own transportation and usually you would stay in the homes of buddies that lived in Fort Worth, Dallas, Houston or wherever.
Do you remember any good one-of-a-kind story from a court trip?
Yeah, it wasn't my freshman year, but I guess it was the end of my sophomore year maybe.
I think that's when it was, the fall of the sophomore year.
We played TCU in a football game and we had dates with some girls from Dallas.
And so we went to a fellow
Aggie's home after the game.
We had beaten TCU, as I recall, and we had a party.
It was one of those that lasted until 1.30 or 2 o'clock in the morning.
And so we were driving back to take these girls home after the game to Dallas.
And lo and behold, I was asked to stop by a local policeman because we were going too fast.
And I honestly believe that the fact that we were Aggies in uniform and this guy was an Aggie, that he didn't give us a ticket.
And we deserved a ticket because we were driving too fast.
But it was 2 o'clock in the morning.
But there was no alcohol involved and so he was very kind.
And he said, wasn't that a great victory that the Aggies had?
And so he said, y'all slow it down a little bit.
And that was it.
So I've always remembered that.
In that era, what did, what were the student indulgences?
What did they eat, drink, smoke?
Well, we always had outfit parties and
I guess to some degree there was always plenty of alcohol available, especially in the form of beer.
And a lot of the guys just, we'd usually go out to the clay pits.
That was a popular place to have outfit parties.
You know, that's down Welburn Road to the west.
Down Welburn Road and back to the west.
And there seemed to be
A few guys that would just get totally loaded, and many of us who did not participate, we were the drivers and brought them all back.